Doctor, I have compulsory insurance, let me do it
Senior actually killed my Barbie
How is that possible?
Could it be that the man from five years ago was him?
One thing you may not know
Five years ago, I once failed a girl
He gave birth to a baby in this hospital
Then the child doesn't know where to go
Not impossible
Erbao is my own flesh and blood
But the doctor just said he was my son
Erbao needs to rest now
Please go out first
We will talk about the future after Erbao wakes up.
It doesn't matter if the man from 5 years ago is a senior or not
I can't even give him the second treasure
The child is mine
No one wants to take it away
Erbao Erbao wake up
I can't believe my child is still alive
Not good, Mr. Su
Miss Xia took the child and what did they run away from?
What about people?
I'm sorry Erbao is still so weak
Brought you back
It's okay, I'll get better faster by Mommy's side
DA display
Mr. Smith and this child are direct blood relatives
The father of the child
So what's going on here?
Was that man really a senior back then?
Toast without penalty
Let me see
Your four treasures went to the west like the five treasures last night
How did you know about the five treasures?
Where are my five treasures?
No, it shouldn't be that simple
Summer Lily seems to know something
Maybe Wu Bao's disappearance has something to do with him
And the name of Erbao's gentleman
What exactly happened that year?
I must investigate